{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Avenir-Book;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20380\viewh15380\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 THROWMAN
\b0\fs36 \

\i\fs24 Authors: \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
M. Cattaneo, S. Ferrara, P.Willi
\fs36 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \

\i0 \cf0 \
The initial idea was to implement an online game, but since we do not have enough knowledge of Javascript\
we just implemented a web-site where you can download the executable files on your local computer. \
The web-page is : \ul http://throwman.ddns.net\ulnone .\
\
The project is composed of four Racket files: menu.rkt, space.rkt, medieval.rkt, christmas.rkt. \
Please run \'93menu.rkt\'94 file first, all others are link to this.\
All the images are related to the game scenarios or elements of the game.  \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 CHANGES TO THE PROJECT PROPOSAL\ulnone \
Since we developed different scenarios, we had to create a menu that manages all the different files, the various scenarios and the menu were not in the proposal but have been developed to enrich the project.\
However, in our proposal we stated that we wanted to make the game playable on the web. Unfortunately, our skills (lack of Javascript knowledge) didn\'92t allow us to do this. Therefore, we implemented a website were is possibile to download an executable of the game and read about the game and how it works.\
\
\ul EXPLANATION OF THE GAME\
\ulnone The main menu of Throwman has three different scenario choices: Space, Medieval, Christmas, and \
a How to play button if the gamer needs more informations. \
A yellow triangle placed over the heads of the characters shows the turn of the player. \
Once a player has chosen a scenario, he has to click and drag the mouse button until he reaches the \
desired angle and power of the throw. When the mouse button is released, the character throws an\
object and hopefully hits the opponent. The trajectory of the throw is influenced by wind or gravity, \
which are displayed in the upper part of the screen. Every time a player has been hit, it\'92s life decreases.\
The amount of decrease in life is related to the body part that is hit, some, like the head, gives more\
injury points than a foot. The player looses if it\'92s life is zero.\
\
\ul COMMANDS\ulnone \
- To select a button from the menu, press the mouse button \
- To throw: click and drag the mouse button, and if the button is released, the throw starts.\
- To restart the game, press \'93r\'94\
- To quit the game, press \'93q\'94\
\
\
\
\
\
}